Intruder
Hexagun
Reaver
Defender
Asterian
Telesto
Electron
Colonist
Pulsegun
Vanquisher
Vigilant
Relentless
Valiant
Executioner
Ether
Warden
Plasma
Anarchy
Starlord
Halflife
Ace
Nightmare
Australis
Crimson
Judgment
Conqueror
Wolf
Frontier
Wit
Avalon
Warpath
Karmagun
Abyss
Supreme
Coldheart
Operator
Commando
Assault
Trooper
Comrade
Decay
Relentless
Timeless
Vanguard
Ranger
Warrior
Raider
Infiltrator
Engineer
Pioneer
Protector
Defender
Invulnerable
Stalker
Protostar
Neutron
Pulsar
Magnetstar
Supernova
Hypergiant
Asteroid
Supergiant
U-05
Humvee
Pinnacle
Tracer
Flow
Twister
Vertex
Hover
Flux
Prospect
Charm
Pangolin
StarGen
U-30
Hybrid
Catalyst
Recovery
Combatant
Commandor
Security
Scout
Carrier
Hercules
Liberty
Arbiter 
Beast
Musashi
Covenant 
Patron 
Marshal
Djinn
Valkyrie
Leviathan
Galactic Armband
Cyber Armband
Genie Glasses
Small Energy Sphere
Guru Glasses
Radiation Detector
Field Launchpad
Gas Grenade
Scout Drone
Neo Mobile
Assault Goggles
Wanderer Sensor
Nano Chip
Heartland Transporter
Bio Armband
Nuclear Energy Sphere
Purity Mine
Red Eye
Decoy Grenade
MFD Robot
Tac-4 UCA 
White Ghost
UCA Launchpad
Energy Battery
Hestia Transporter
Ascension Launchpad
First Aid Kit
Lumen Grenade
Engineer Exclusive
Cyber IFAK
Embryo Unit
Supreme Energy
Hybrid Binocular
Phantom Holopad
Hunter Binocular
Heresy
GPF Connect
Cabal
Noah's Ark
Seed
Twilight Binocular
Scholar Launchpad
Central Transporter
Fury Mine
The Harmony
Cyborg Arm
Governor's Gate
A close-combat weapon.
An energy weapon often used by the United Colonists Alliance (UCA).
A two-handed heavy sword.
Works in close range, incredibly lethal.
A serviceable handgun produced in large numbers in Asteria.
A sidearm in use with military and police forces in Unity.
A directed-energy weapon
An iconic handgun used by colonists. Its lightweight makes it very easy to handle.
A pulse-based military sidearms
A melee weapon, effective in close combat.
A fully automatic shotgun often used by the People's Justice.
A fully automatic shotgun used in United Colonists Alliance (UCA) as it's versatile and adaptable.
A semi-automatic assault rifle.
A semi-automatic rifle often used by the United Colonists Alliance (UCA).
A semi-automatic precision rifle often used by the Ascended.
A powerful directed-energy weapon.
A rifle-sized weapon common to many of the armed forces of the UCA.
A modular rifle made by the New Dawn cultists.
A fully-automatic rifle, made in Titanus.
Surprisingly good for supporting an assault on a site.
A high-precision, long-range rifle, used by the military sniper.
Extremely useful for ambushing, used in the Battle at River Forks.
Difficult to master, but has above average accuracy.
Also known as an universal army rifle, adopted by the Baptisland Army.
A fairly powerful heavy machine gun used by Rico Franklin.
As rarely as it is powerful. One of Rico Franklin's favorite weapons.
A rifle uses sunlight as its energy source.One of Aarav the Wolf's favorite weapons.
A rifle produced in the Heartland. Powerful and accurate. One of John the Lion's favorite weapons.
A powerful heavy machine gun, designed by Polaris.
One of Amari the Panther favorite weapons, made in New Avalon.
A strong open-area weapon, used by Victor the Boar.
A versatile weapon, one of Aldebar favorite rifles.
A minigun emits a beam of polaron particles. Lucien's favorite weapon.
One of Damon Cooper favorite weapons, made in the Forge.
It was used by Baram the Goat,a seasoned military officer and a honorable man.
A common flak jacket, used by soldiers of the People’s Justice army.
A bulletproof vest，used as combat vest in the the People’s Justice army.
A streamlined suit, used by The Ascended army.
A overcoat used by the United Colonists Alliance (UCA) army.
A military jacket used by garrison officers.
A battle dress of garrison officers.
A biosteel chestguard used by garrison officers.
An uniform used by garrison officers.
A combat armor usually used by the vanguard.
A body armor optimized for extended operations.
A rigid metallic heavy armor.
An upper body tactical armor, used in a variety of scenarios. 
A heavy armor optimized for hazardous environment.
A highly adaptable multi-purpose combat armor used by the Ascended army.
A bionic body armor, originally tested in Turing, later used in the Ascended army.
A strategy-oriented battle suit,  used by the United Colonists Alliance (UCA) army.
A defense-oriented heavy armor.
An aluminum bulletproof vest.
An uniform used by the United Colonists Alliance (UCA) officers.
A battle suit specifically designed for tactical infiltration.
A bio-mechanical armor, rare in the battlefield but famous for its flexibility.
A rare armor with incredible durability under extreme temperature.
A contemporary stealth nanosuit designed in Turing.
An advanced graphite battle suit, adopted by the People’s Justice’s elite squad.
An elite bulletproof gear used variable tin as the major material.
A remarkable combat armor designed by  one of the original founders of Unity’s first colony.
A battle suit with adcanced zero-gravity combat system, equipped by Lucien.
A vehicle equipped with multiple sensors, ideal for mine-detection operations.
A lightweight tactical vehicle with all-terrain mobility.
A common transport vehicle with powerful carrying capacity.
A common transport vehicle for the construction work on the battlefield.
A fast-speed driverless transport vehicle, as part of Heartland ecosystem.
An agile transport vehicle used in the Hestia’s Valley area.
An efficient driverless transport vehicle with roof-mounted solar panel.
A fast speed car with the ability of hovering above the ground.
A ultility car responsible for the expert repair and maintenance of army vehicles.
A military truck designed to transport military supplies to the battlefield.
A heavy support vehicle with highly efficient silicon solar panels.
An armoured vehicle designed to protect UCA army in extreme scenarios.
An armored vehicle used by the Ascended army.
A mine detection vehicle with a ground penetrating radar.
A tactical hybrid vehicle used in both rural and urban environments.
A highly fuel-efficient vehicle with a sleek body consisting of lightweight materials.
An armoured recovery vehicle with electric generators and fuel pumps.
A weaponized military vehicle with smoothed surfaces.
An armored command vehicle with enhanced artificial intelligence.
An armored security vehicle used for supporting battlefield operations.
A high mobility scout vehicle with magnetic wheels.
A driverless armoured personnel carrier used in the battlefield.
One of Rico Falkov's favorite cars, characterized by its strikingly sculpted exterior and aerodynamic design.
An armoured personnel carrier designed by Turing University, used for personnel and equipment  transport in combat zones.
A high-performing self-driving vehicle, one of John the Lion's favorite cars.
An utility vehicle with protected, sustained, and networked mobility, used in major military operations.
An all-terrain vehicle with good road speed and endurance, used in the Battle at the Three Craters Dam.
A hybrid utility vehicle designed by the Prime University.
An all-terrain vehicle with great handling with novel wheeled design that minimized maintenance requirements for the long distances operations.
A multipurpose vehicle serves such functions as command and control, troop transport, and shelter carrier.
A hovercar with ability to cast aside the gravitational constraints and take off at a very high speed.
An armored security vehicle with extraordinary sustainability.
A speedy car that holds the Unity Planet Record for the fastest car working on solar power with full anti-missile system and instant stealth.
A gadget for communication enhancement.
A device that can call for air support of combat drones.
A pair of holographic goggles used in light duties.
An energy device providing short time energy boost.
A pair of smartglasses giving quick and full access to the Unity World Directory.
A tactical panel which sense and alert on incoming radiation.
An early version of launchpad, easy to deploy in the field.
A pressure-triggered explosive.
A small, durable drone for scouting missions.
A handheld computer used by the New Dawn fanatics.
A pair of military goggles adopted by UCA’s elite specter squad.
A tablet tracks multiple targets, and displays information about nearby enemies.
An encrypted chip used by cyborgs in Ascension.
A military transporter placed by the People's Justice army in Heartland.
A biomarker equipped by elite squads.
A nuclear powered energy sphere.
An encrypted mine can only be triggered by Ascension's androids.
A combat drone used in the Port of Noyce battle.
A large explosive inside a small body.
A multifunctional drone robot designed by AlphaCen.
A tactical laptop to collect and proceed real-time big data.
A new type of combat drone with armor upgrades.
A military lauchpad used by UCA army.
A rare battery with a reactor core inside.
A military transporter placed by UCA army in Hestia's Valley.
A military lauchpad used by the Ascended army.
A kit used for giving medical assistance in the battlefield.
An effective grenade for cover up and escape.
A portable computer terminal  designed by Merak when he was in Turing University.
A special individual first aid kit for androids and cyborgs.
A gestation unit with the stored embryos the original founders of Unity’s colony brought.
A nuclear isomer battery, also known as super-battery.
A binocular with hybrid computing system, first found when the founders landed the colony ship on Unity.
Niccolo Barca's favorite holographic computer.
A top of the line binocular, praised for its reliability in almost any situation.
An implant chip used by android assassins.
A special holographic screen used for sending messages to the Galactic Planetary Federation (GPF).
A rare chip used for neuro-manipulation by cabals.
A drive scans the mental state of a brain and transfers the consciousness to a computer.
A disk designed by Turing University, works as a semi-organic computer brain.
A binocular developed by Twilight Academy.
A lauchpad developed by Prime University.
A transporter used by the Planetary High Council.
An anti-tank blast mine first introduced in the Battle of River Forks.
A machine designed for running neural mappers to extract memories of people.
A nanotech-enhanced cybernetics metallic skeleton.
A gate used by planetary governors.