Governor, our scouts report the defeated enemy is gone and no longer a threat. 
This city has been long controlled by the unworthy, with facilities dilapidated and its people suffering greatly. 
Governor, now that you have taken it over. We should first focus on "<b>City Management</b>" to deal with the crumbling foundations. 
<b>Stronghold</b> is the core of the city and improving it will allow the development of other facilities.
<b>Ore, Fuel and Silicon</b> are essential to constuctions too. 
Resources in the city are in deficit and won't hold for long. Continued resource supply is critical. 
So please focus on resource buildup. 
To enhance resource output, we shall build and upgrade Farm, Ore Reserve, Fuel Refinery and Silicon Lab. 
Once in place, production will run and resources will grow at a steady pace. 
Tristan leads his troop to build the farm and factories. More men come to help as the news spreads. 
Hard work pays off! The city is now back to business. 
The homeless are fed and the jobless can work to provide for their families. 
The old are grateful and the young inspired, many of whom apply to join our army. 
It is a good time for <b>Military Recruitment</b>, expanding our reservist pool. 
Let's put up the ads!
The people in the city have great faith in you. Keep recruiting. Many will come to sign their names. 
Congratulations, Governor! Good news from the battlefield falls like snowflakes. It is great to hear we are pushing boundaries hard and fast. 
But if we want to keep it that way, we will need more reservists. 
More reservists, more resources desired. But the city development needs them too. 
Resources are critical to city defense, crisis management and attack response. 
There is still something we can do.
I am all ears. 
We own plenty of lands outside the city and multiple facilities behind the walls.
<b>Appoint</b> a Mayor who may assist you in internal affairs.
This Hero should excel in management and politics, whose talent may maximize production capacity and efficiency. 
Pick the right man and let him do the job. Then we can grow the city and the army at the same time. 
Governor, I'd like you to meet someone. His name is <b>Van Vogel</b>. The man is a true talent with superb political astuteness.
Bring him in!
In the Governor's office…
This is Mr Van Vogel, an old friend of mine. 
Governor, it is an honor to finally meet you in person. I have heard so much about you. 
I am impressed by the development of this city in such a short period of time. 
I have no military talents, but I am sure I can help you with many other things. 
Governor, resources has been a brothering issue for you lately, hasn’t it?
Absolutely. 
We are indeed falling short of resources, given that we have such a huge army to support. We may take advantage of the number we have.
How?
<b>Resource Collecting</b>. We have the number. Let our soldiers collect resources from the lands. They are strong young men, disciplined and efficient. 
Ask the troops to Collect on the territories. They will come back loaded after a certain amount of time. 
Send more troops on Collecting missions when we are between wars. 
The harvest season is coming and we should seize the time. 
Governor! A man named <b>Haddad</b> wishes to see you. 
My name is Haddad. Words spread that you are a capable governor, visionary commander and honorable man. So here I am. 
It is the Bazaar day. The streets were alive with the noise of merchants calling out to passersby.
Governor, it is a blessing to finally have the Bazaar reopened. Shall we take a walk on the streets?
The bazaar has been close for over a year. 
The bandits and scavengers came?
Exactly. People could barely survive, and doing business became a luxury. 
Thanks to you, Governor, the bazaar is back. 
These are the ores from the Great Mines, newly shipped here. 
You could find almost everything in these streets. 
Only a while ago they were shattered and covered with bodies and dying men. 
It is a marvel to see the people's life back on track. There is more work in the town and people can provide for themselves. 
There is no way of achieving this without you, my friends. 
You should be proud. Many warlords exploit the weak and poor to provide for their armies. 
Thanks to you, people here have a different option. Your army is not built on commoners' tears and blood. 
The day when you march into the Capital and sit in the President's House will be the day the entire planet can have that other option. 
That is my hope too. 
Governor, Mr. Van Vogel invites you to his place for tea. 
Alright. Tell him I will be there. 
The two meet in Van's courtyard. 
Governor, thanks to the recent peace and effective governance, we are abundant in resources and high in morale. 
It won't take long before we can conquer lands with richer resources. 
But nor should we be rash. Lands of higher levels are guarded by larger troops with more capable commanders. We need to wait for the right time. 
I am all ears. 
You can improve Heroes to enhance troop capacity.
Each Hero has four Combat attributes, namely Attack, Intelligence, Defense and Speed, and two Economy attributes, which are Statecraft and Charisma.
Attack, Intelligence, Defense and Speed show how strong a Hero is in combat, i.e. fighting against enemy troops. 
Statecraft and Charisma show how good a Hero is in handling internal affairs when appointed as a city officer. 
You can improve the attributes of a Hero via Lvl up and assigning extra attribute points. Upgrading <b>Attribute Boost</b> in City Management to improve Hero abilities. 
More capable commanders will win us more battles. 
Thank you, Van. I am most grateful. 
Words spread that our forces are winning every war lately. 
Governor, Lance Franklin is here.
Let him in. 
We have conquered Lvl 4 lands, a great victory to celebrate indeed. 
The morale is high in the army. Many are suggesting we should go on to take on Lvl 5s. 
That is what brings me here today, but <b>I am here to talk you out of taking on Lvl 5s, for now at least</b>. The time is not right. 
And why is that?
According to my scouts, any <b>Lvl 5 lands are guarded by troops with a strength of 9,000 men</b>, with highly capable commanders leading them. 
I would advise caution, Governor. We'd want to wait until later so that we don't suffer major losses. 
Conquer more Lvl 4 lands to <b>improve Hero levels</b>.
<b>Sweep</b> the conquered lands for military exercises, an effective way for the Heroes to obtain more experience in combat. 
Only by doing so can we win the future battles against more formidable enemies. 
All the good lands around the city have fallen into our hands. It won't take long before we can challenge those of higher levels. 
Lands of higher levels are guarded heavily. We must best prepare our men. 
<b>Build Barracks</b> will allow commanders to bring on more men in their troops, increasing <b>Troop Strength Cap</b>. 
It can be critical in occupying better lands. 
Each level of the Barracks grants an extra 200 soldiers in each commander or deputy commander's troop. 
You must first have a <b>Lvl 7 Stronghold</b> before building the Barracks. Time to pile up the resources!
We have an unidentified troop force marching toward the city gate!
They are almost here. God, they are fast. 
They have not yet identified themselves. 
Any hostile signals?
No, not yet. 
Stay put. Our defense should be able to deal with thousands. They are no threat to us. 
Our alerts are quiet, so they don't seem hostile. 
The leader of the group calls himself Benjamin Celmy. He wishes to see the Governor of the city. 
Open the gate. Let them in. 
It is a great honor to finally meet you in person, Governor. 
What brings you here, my friend?
I used to serve in the New Dawn army, fighting against the corrupted government. Then I heard your name and the things you did for the people here. 
I have led my men here all the way from Colony Prime. 
Take us in. We will fight for you till the last breath of ours. 
Governor, Tristan and Seth are here.
Governor, Seth and I reviewed the territory reports. We believe lands of higher levels, while they bring more resources, are suitable for constructions. 
We could build facilities such as Mints or Recreation Hubs. We may even build a <b>Satellite City</b> to expand our military capacity. 
If we want to do this, we better act fast since the higher the land level is, the more scarce they become. 
Our troops are unstoppable. Send me to a Lvl 6 land and I will make it our own. 
I heard <b>lands of Lvl 6 or above</b> are extremely heavily guarded with <b>multiple troops</b>. We would need more than one troop if we want to be the winning side. 
Please allow me to fight alongside Tristan and be his support. 
Alright. Tristan, you take the lead and strike first. Benjamin will support you from behind. 
Roger that.
You got it. 
The commanders start to prepare their troops for the upcoming battles. 
Governor, Tristan has arrived. 
We have conquered quite a few Lvl 6 lands. Now it is time to set higher goals, as tension among the warlords and alliance amount. 
Lands of Lvl 7 or above are guarded by elite commanders with advanced skills. 
Pairing up right commanders in the same formation will greatly enhance the attack and defense of our forces.
Try out different combinations and give full play to their advantages and skills. 
Meanwhile, we need to keep resources abundant. As people start to set their eyes on the resource and core states, the most chaotic time is about to come! 
Governor, Benjamin wishes a word with you.
Sure. Come along in. 
The final stage of the wars is almost here. 
Now that our troops are able to occupy Lvl 8 lands, it is time to think about the long term. 
With such a formidable military presence, we can be a valuable asset to the alliance. 
Helping them take cities and passes will win us great rewards and resources. 
A powerful alliance can also contribute to the stability and prosperity of our city in the long run. 
#2#, I'm quite impressed by what you did in the Battle of Guqin Valley.
Yeah. One of the toughest battles.
I heard Conrad Isen’s army outnumbered 100 to 1.
My command base was totally exposed to attack. So I  deconstruct the buildings and hide everything in the nearby forest. Sitting and playing chess and enjoying an afternoon tea.
And your enemy thought it was a trap, so they retreated from their position, and fortified their position in fear of an ambush that never came.
Remember, nothing is what it seems.
You're not supposed to be here, #1#.
I came for you,#2#. No one else will ever come to this place in the Port of Noyce.
the People’s Justice and the Ascended ambushed us here.. I hate those damn conspiracies!
Without you, the Raging Lion, Falkov's retreat wouldn't be a success. Our praetorian needs people like you.
This is a great honor, #1#.
You definitely deserve it!
(Knock, knock) Hello, this is #1#. My informant said a famous politician newly settle down here, can I talk to him?
It is him.
You're #2# what a surprise!
I‘ve heard a lot about you. Your timely advice gave Falkov a considerable political advantage over his rivals. Why don't you join us and achieve great things together?
Glad to be at your service.
Oh man, I always enjoy a good old-fashioned bar brawl!
No wonder people told me I can find you here, Victor Nguyen.
#1#, I heard you joined a rising new power recently. How's everything?
Actually I'm here to invite you, let's fight together!
Sounds good, I think I'll join you.
It was very impressive that you defeated the People’s Justice outside of the Three Craters Dam.
As a former scrapper, sneaking into the camp and planting explosives is a piece of cake.
If we have you, we don't ever need to meet enemy in the open field!
Yeah.I'm top of the line in Ascension.
Ian Bloodclaw joined you.
Gabor has single-handedly slain four warriors from the United Colonists’ Alliance, he seems invincible. 
Only two kinds of people are in front of me: those that are already dead and those that are gonna die. 
We need you, a man can deal with the bullets, the bombs, and the blood!
I'm just doing what I was born to do.
Seems you got lost on the way to the HQ #2#.
I'm still trying to get familiar with this place.
No worries, I'll show you around.
It's so kind of you! 
Can you help me? This android is damaged, but the mechanical brain still works.
I'll help you to send him to the Lab, the machinist can save him.
Poor android… War is a defeat for humanity. I have seen its brutality and follies.
War would end if the dead could return.
Once a warrior, always a warrior.
War is the only thing I really understand.
#2# joined you.
Before I thought war was too important to be left to the generals.
But now, I'd say war is too important to be left to politicians.
That's why people also said, the military don't start wars, politicians start wars.
Very impressive, welcome on board!
Hey Eliot, I want to upgrade my gears. Anything fancy today?  
You must take this, #2#. It was property of the original founders of Unity.
Good day, #1#. New freight arrived, anything you like?
Let me have a look. I need a #2#, I'll take it.
You have a good eye, #1#.
What are you doing here, Eliot?
I just came back from the Port of Noyce, there was a big auction.
Anything harvest?
You must love this #2#!
Hey #1#, I just got a rare #2# from a traveler!
Awesome, I'll take it!
Eliot the Space Merchant