Pass
Pass
Pass
City
County Seat
State Capital
State Capital
Eclipse
Wiseman's Pass
River Forks
Raven's Perch
Silver Causeway
Port of Noyce
Siliconville
Solitude Pass
Avalon Watch
Pass of Hopes
Sandsville
Anarchic Keep
Storm's Edge
Grey Port
San Farrell
Miner's Path
Bradley Port
Franklin Corners
Starfall
Ciphergate
Three Craters Dam
River's End
The Arch
Bushwhack
Poorman's Hut
Meteor Vale
Fortune Town
Rush
Novi Port
Southgate
Epsilon Westend 
Delta Westend 
Gamma Westend 
Beta Westend 
Palaces Town 
Beta Cap County 
Gamma Cap County 
Delta Cap County 
Epsilon Cap County 
The Capital 
Delta Bellows 
Beta Bellows 
Gamma Bellows 
Sloaneville 
Gamma Crimson Creek
Beta Crimson Creek
Alpha Crimson Creek
Delta Crimson Creek 
Gamma Hodgesbury
Beta Hodgesbury 
Alpha Hodgesbury 
Delta Oredives 
Gamma Oredives 
Beta Oredives 
Alpha Oredives 
Delta Grand Creek 
Gamma Grand Creek 
Beta Grand Creek 
Alpha Grand Creek 
Gamma South Mines 
Beta South Mines 
Asteria 
Delta Elysium 
Beta Elysium 
Gamma Elysium 
Alpha Elysium 
Gamma Cloud Vale 
Delta Cloud Vale 
Beta Cloud Vale 
Asphodel 
Delta Meadows 
Gamma Meadows 
Beta Meadows 
Alpha Meadows 
Delta Vigor Vale 
Beta Vigor Vale 
Gamma Vigor Vale 
Alpha Vigor Vale 
Gamma Long Vale
Beta Long Vale
Alpha Long Vale
Delta Deathvale 
Gamma Deathvale 
Beta Deathvale 
Alpha Deathvale 
Beta Northhythe 
Gamma Northhythe 
Alpha Northhythe 
Epsilon Stormeye 
Beta Stormeye 
Gamma Stormeye 
Delta Stormeye 
Serenity 
Gamma Rainbands 
Alpha Rainbands 
Beta Rainbands 
Gamma Lawless Zone
Beta Lawless Zone
Alpha Lawless Zone
Gamma Rebels' Roost 
Beta Rebels' Roost 
Alpha Rebels' Roost 
Gamma Windburst 
Delta Windburst 
Beta Windburst 
Alpha Windburst 
Gamma Oblivion 
Delta Oblivion 
Beta Oblivion 
Epsilon Windburst 
Alpha Oblivion 
Delta Moonshine 
Gamma Moonshine 
Beta Moonshine 
Alpha Moonshine 
Delta Darking 
Gamma Darking 
Beta Darking 
Alpha Darking 
Gamma Mint Hill 
Beta Mint Hill 
Epsilon Darking 
Alpha Mint Hill 
Delta High Fort 
Gamma High Fort 
Beta High Fort 
Alpha High Fort 
Delta Piketon 
Epsilon Piketon 
Gamma Piketon 
Beta Piketon 
Alpha Piketon 
Delta Citadel 
Gamma Citadel 
Beta Citadel 
Titanus 
Gamma Gas Town 
Delta Gas Town 
Beta Gas Town 
Alpha Gas Town 
Delta Andoudun 
Gamma Andoudun 
Beta Andoudun 
Alpha Andoudun 
Delta San Ares 
Beta San Ares 
Gamma San Ares 
Alpha San Ares 
Gamma Golden Plain 
Beta Golden Plain 
Alpha Golden Plain 
Delta Marginis 
Gamma Marginis 
Beta Marginis 
Alpha Marginis 
Delta Iron Teeth 
Gamma Iron Teeth 
Beta Iron Teeth 
Alpha Iron Teeth 
Epsilon North Canyon 
Gamma North Canyon 
Delta North Canyon 
Alpha North Canyon 
Beta North Canyon 
Delta Vulcanus 
Epsilon Vulcanus 
Gamma Vulcanus 
Beta Vulcanus 
The Forge 
Delta Pearl 
Beta Pearl 
Gamma Pearl 
Alpha Pearl 
Gamma Loop 
Beta Loop 
Alpha Loop 
Beta Zuse 
Gamma Zuse 
Alpha Zuse 
Gamma Algol 
Beta Algol 
Alpha Algol 
Gamma Brooks 
Delta Brooks 
Beta Brooks 
Alpha Brooks 
Gamma Pascal 
Beta Pascal 
Epsilon Brooks 
Alpha Pascal 
Epsilon Deepmind 
Delta Deepmind 
Beta Deepmind 
Gamma Deepmind 
Turing 
Delta Nowhere 
Beta Nowhere 
Gamma Nowhere 
Alpha Nowhere 
Epsilon Lacus Lumino 
Gamma Lacus Lumino 
Delta Lacus Lumino 
Beta Lacus Lumino 
Australis 
Delta Cape 
Beta Cape 
Gamma Cape 
Alpha Cape 
Delta Reef 
Epsilon Reef 
Gamma Reef 
Beta Reef 
Alpha Reef 
Delta Barren Canyon 
Gamma Barren Canyon 
Alpha Barren Canyon 
Beta Barren Canyon 
Delta Ruins 
Gamma Ruins 
Beta Ruins 
Alpha Ruins 
Delta Shieldville
Gamma Shieldville
Beta Shieldville
Alpha Shieldville
Gamma Middle Lands 
Delta Middle Lands 
Beta Middle Lands 
Alpha Middle Lands 
Epsilon Armorton 
Delta Armorton 
Beta Armorton 
Gamma Armorton 
New Avalon 
Delta Liberty Front 
Beta Liberty Front 
Gamma Liberty Front 
Alpha Liberty Front 
Gamma Occupy 
Beta Occupy 
Alpha Occupy 
Gamma Rims 
Beta Rims 
Alpha Rims 
Beta Hollow Valley 
Gamma Hollow Valley 
Alpha Hollow Valley 
Eclipse is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Wiseman's Pass is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
River Forks is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Raven's Perch is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Silver Causeway is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Port of Noyce is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Siliconville is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Solitude Pass is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Avalon Watch is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Pass of Hopes is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Sandsville is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Anarchic Keep is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Storm's Edge is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Grey Port is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
San Farrell is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Miner's Path is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Bradley Port is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Franklin Corners is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Starfall is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Ciphergate is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Three Craters Dam is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
River's End is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
The Arch is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Bushwhack is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Poorman's Hut is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Meteor Vale is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Fortune Town is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Rush is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Novi Port is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border. 
Southgate is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is also an important Pass. The Alliance occupying this place will be allowed passage to cross the border.
Epsilon Westend is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Delta Westend is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Gamma Westend is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Beta Westend is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Palaces Town is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of West End.
Beta Cap County is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Gamma Cap County is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Delta Cap County is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Epsilon Cap County is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
The Capital is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the Planetary Capital of Unity. 
Delta Bellows is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Bellows is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Gamma Bellows is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Sloaneville is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Bellows.
Gamma Crimson Creek is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Beta Crimson Creek is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Crimson Creek is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Crimson Creek.
Delta Crimson Creek is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Hodgesbury is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Hodgesbury is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Alpha Hodgesbury is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Hodgesbury.
Delta Oredives is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Oredives is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Oredives is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Oredives is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Oredives.
Delta Grand Creek is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Grand Creek is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Grand Creek is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Alpha Grand Creek is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Grand Creek.
Gamma South Mines is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta South Mines is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Asteria is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of South Mines.
Delta Elysium is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Elysium is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Gamma Elysium is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Alpha Elysium is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Elysium.
Gamma Cloud Vale is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Delta Cloud Vale is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Beta Cloud Vale is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Asphodel is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Cloud Vale.
Delta Meadows is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Meadows is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Beta Meadows is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Alpha Meadows is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Meadows.
Delta Vigor Vale is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Vigor Vale is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Gamma Vigor Vale is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Vigor Vale is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Vigor Vale.
Gamma Long Vale is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Long Vale is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Long Vale is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. Long Vale. 
Delta Deathvale is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Deathvale is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Deathvale is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Deathvale is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Deathvale.
Beta Northhythe is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Northhythe is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Alpha Northhythe is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Northhythe.
Epsilon Stormeye is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Stormeye is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Gamma Stormeye is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Delta Stormeye is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Serenity is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Stormeye.
Gamma Rainbands is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Alpha Rainbands is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Rainbands.
Beta Rainbands is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Gamma Lawless Zone is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Lawless Zone is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Alpha Lawless Zone is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Lawless Zones. 
Gamma Rebels' Roost is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Rebels' Roost is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Alpha Rebels' Roost is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Rebels' Roost. 
Gamma Windburst is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Delta Windburst is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Windburst is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Windburst is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Windburst.
Gamma Oblivion is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Delta Oblivion is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Oblivion is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Epsilon Windburst is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Oblivion is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Oblivion.
Delta Moonshine is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Moonshine is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Moonshine is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Moonshine is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Moonshine.
Delta Darking is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Darking is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Darking is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Darking is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Darking.
Gamma Mint Hill is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Mint Hill is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Epsilon Darking is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Mint Hill is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Mint Hill. 
Delta High Fort is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma High Fort is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta High Fort is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha High Fort is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of High Fort. 
Delta Piketon is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Epsilon Piketon is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Piketon is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Piketon is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Piketon is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Piketon.
Delta Citadel is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Citadel is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Citadel is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Titanus is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Citadel.
Gamma Gas Town is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Delta Gas Town is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Gas Town is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Gas Town is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Gas Town. 
Delta Andoudun is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Andoudun is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Andoudun is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Andoudun is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Andoudun.
Delta San Ares is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta San Ares is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Gamma San Ares is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha San Ares is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of San Ares.
Gamma Golden Plain is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Golden Plain is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Golden Plain is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Golden Plain.
Delta Marginis is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Marginis is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Marginis is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Marginis is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Marginis.
Delta Iron Teeth is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Iron Teeth is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Beta Iron Teeth is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Iron Teeth is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Iron Teeth.
Epsilon North Canyon is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma North Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Delta North Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha North Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of North Canyon. 
Beta North Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Delta Vulcanus is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Epsilon Vulcanus is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Vulcanus is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Vulcanus is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Forge is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Vulcanus.
Delta Pearl is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Pearl is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Gamma Pearl is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Pearl is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Pearl.
Gamma Loop is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Loop is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Loop is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Loop. 
Beta Zuse is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Gamma Zuse is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Alpha Zuse is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Zuse.
Gamma Algol is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Algol is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Algol is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Algol.
Gamma Brooks is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Delta Brooks is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Brooks is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Brooks is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Brooks.
Gamma Pascal is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Pascal is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Epsilon Brooks is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Pascal is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Pascal.
Epsilon Deepmind is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Delta Deepmind is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Deepmind is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Gamma Deepmind is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Turing is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Deepmind.
Delta Nowhere is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Nowhere is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Gamma Nowhere is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Nowhere is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Nowhere.
Epsilon Lacus Lumino is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Lacus Lumino is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Delta Lacus Lumino is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Beta Lacus Lumino is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Australis is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Lacus Lumino.
Delta Cape is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Cape is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Cape is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Alpha Cape is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Cape. 
Delta Reef is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Epsilon Reef is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Reef is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Reef is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Reef is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Reef. 
Delta Barren Canyon is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Barren Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Barren Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Barren Canyon. 
Beta Barren Canyon is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Delta Ruins is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Ruins is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Ruins is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Ruins is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Ruins. 
Delta Shieldville is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Shieldville is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Beta Shieldville is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Shieldville is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Shieldville.
Gamma Middle Lands is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Delta Middle Lands is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Middle Lands is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Middle Lands is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Middle Lands. 
Epsilon Armorton is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Delta Armorton is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Beta Armorton is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
Gamma Armorton is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. 
New Avalon is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the State Capital of Armorton.
Delta Liberty Front is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Liberty Front is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Gamma Liberty Front is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Liberty Front is a Metropolis, prosperous and fully supplied. It is the County Seat of Liberty Front.
Gamma Occupy is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists. 
Beta Occupy is a City, economically diverse and still growing. 
Alpha Occupy is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Occupy.
Gamma Rims is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Beta Rims is a City, economically diverse and still growing.
Alpha Rims is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Rims. 
Beta Hollow Valley is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Gamma Hollow Valley is a Borough, a vibrant small town and home to local colonists.
Alpha Hollow Valley is a City, economically diverse and still growing. It is the County Seat of Hollow Valley. 