Warrior: A military general with strong physical attacks and superior strength in battles
Tactician: An extraordinarily intelligent champion and master of tactics
Balanced: A versatile commander with balanced abilities in physical attacks and tactics. 
Controller: A hero who excels at crowd control tactics.
Fighter: A hero with balanced abilities between attack and defense in battles.
Guardian: A hero with strong defensive power and resilience
Support: A hero who mainly assists their teammates in the troops
Healer: A hero wise in medicine and responsible for the restoration of allies
Governor: A hero who excels at logistical affairs on production, gathering and city development
Enchanter: A hero who excels at internal affairs on Treasure Hunt, Forge and Vehicle Manufacturing.
Tribal: A fearless and brave leader of local tribes
Anarchy: An anarchic hero
Immortal: A resourceful hero with supernatural powers
Pawn: Ordinary soldier
Chargers: strong against Enforcers & Hammers, but weak against Bombers
Enforcers: strong against Specters & Hammers, but weak against Chargers
Specters: strong against Bombers & Hammers, but weak against Enforcers
Bombers: strong against Chargers & Hammers, but weak against Specters
Hammers: weak against Chargers, Enforcers Specters & Bombers, but strong in city siege battles
Recruitment amount cannot be 0
The current reservists have reached the cap.
Required Resources: Silicon %s, Ore %s, Food %s<br>Total Reservists: [color=#7afd01]%s[/color]<br> Cost: %s
Insufficient resources. It reaches the maximum recruitable amount.
Please increase the number of recruitment first.
Today's treasure hunt is running out,  please try again tomorrow.
Insufficient gold, you are unable to continue the treasure hunt.
Heroes will gain experience through battles between players.
Eliminate scavengers to get forge materials
Buy various items from General Supplies in the Market.
Buy various items from the Military Supplies in the Market.
Vanquish Bandits to get gold 
Increase the initial level of heroes from Premium Summon and Limited-time Summon
Eliminate scavengers to get forge materials
Vanquish Bandits to get gold 
Increase the initial level of heroes from Premium Summon and Limited-time Summon
Increase Exp on any appointed governance heroes.
Vanquish Bandits to get gold 
Increase the initial level of heroes from Premium Summon and Limited-time Summon
Eliminate scavengers to get forge materials
Returning to the city or camp can replenish the troop strength, and restore all injured soldiers immediately.
Each 1-land-distance movement on the map drops 1 morale, and staying state restores 0.5 morale every minute.
The total leadership value of heroes within the same formation cannot exceed its cap value.
Siege a city can remove its durability.
March speed depends on the unit's type.
Formations meeting certain conditions can get extra bonuses.
Leadership: the total leadership value of heroes within the same formation cannot exceed its cap value. 
Troop strength: the number of units in one formation
March: The marching speed of the troops is determined by the unit's type.
Siege: The troops' siege value is determined by the unit's type.
Purchase Successful
The returned resources will exceed the cap of the warehouse. Do you wish to continue?
Heroes of United Colonists Alliance faction will get attribute buff when three heroes from the same faction are in the same formation. 
Heroes of The People’s Justice faction will get attribute buff when three heroes from the same faction are in the same formation. 
Heroes of The Ascended faction will get attribute buff when three heroes from the same faction are in the same formation. 
Heroes of The Wanderers faction will get attribute buff when three heroes from the same faction are in the same formation. 
Attack determines the amount of Physical Damage, e.g., Basic Strike, Skill Damage based on the Attack attribute.
Intelligence determines the Hero's Tactical Damage, received Tactical Damage, and Healing ability
Defense determines the Hero's defensive ability against Physical Damage.
Speed determines the sequence of attack in battle while it does not affect the marching speed of the formation.
Statecraft determines the buff effect when a Hero is appointed as a city officer, such as Mayor, Food Master, Ore Master, Silicon Master, etc.
Charisma determines the buff effect when a Hero is appointed as a city officer, such as Treasure Hunter, Chief Mechanic, Chief Designer, etc.
A Hero's troop strength cap rises by 100 upon each level-up while he gains 10 points for attribute allocation every 10 levels
A Hero consumes 15 points of stamina upon every movement and restores 1 point every 3 minutes. 
Leadership: the total leadership value of heroes within the same formation cannot exceed its cap value. 