None
No announcements yet
Settings
No Group
Disband Alliance
Cancel Transfer
Quit Alliance
Dismiss Officer
Transfer Leadership
Appoint Officer
Remove Member
Please remove other members first
Do you wish to quit?
Do you wish to transfer the Alliance Leader to %s?
Disband Group
Dismiss Group Leader
Appoint Group Leader
Do you wish to disband now?
Do you wish to dismiss%s?
Insufficient permissions
Group Manager
Appoint Group Leader
Dismiss Group Leader
Remove From Group
Change Group
Do you wish to remove %s?
Successfully created
Please enter the group name
Up to 15 characters
The number of groups reaches the cap.
You are already a group leader, please transfer to another player first.
The leadership is in transferring.
Do you wish to appoint %s as %s?
Do you wish to dismiss %s's %s position?
Please enter the alliance name
Up to 16 characters
Insufficient Fame
Insufficient Territory
You cannot remove yourself.
Operation succeeded
Operation failed
Please wait for the cooldown time to end and try again.
You are already the group leader.
Please enter up to 500 characters
You don't have access to manage diplomatic operations.
This alliance is already a friendly alliance, please do not repeat the operation.
The friendly diplomatic request has been sent, please don't sent the same request again.
This alliance is already a hostile alliance, please do not repeat the operation.
Operation Success
We're terminating friendly relations, please do not repeat the operation.
This alliance is already a neutral alliance, please do not repeat the operation.
Failed to add more friendly alliances. Because our friendly alliances or their friendly alliances have been reached the maximum number.
Failed to add more hostile alliances. Because our hostile alliances have been reached the maximum number.
The request has expired.
You are going to set %s as friendly alliance. Do you wish to continue?
You are going to terminate friendly relations with %s. It will take 12 hours to terminate the friendly relations. Do you wish to continue?
Terminating %s