Age of Chaos
Rise of Powers
New Dawn Rebellion
Enclosure
Invasion of Bandits
Forces Assembled
Territory Wars
Raging Storms
Show No Mercy
Soaring Ambition
Last Conquerors
Legend of Unity
All Governors occupy 100,000 lands.(%s/%s)
12 alliances have 50 members.(%s/%s)
All Governors eliminate 10,000 New Dawn's Convoys.(%s/%s)
All Governors occupy 40,000 lands of Lvl.4 or above.(%s/%s)
All Governors vanquish 10,000 bandits.(%s/%s)
Alliance occupies a city of a Lvl.3 or above.(%s/%s)
Alliance conquers a Lvl.5 city by the end of the event.
Alliance conquers a County Seat by the end of the event.
Alliance conquers a State Capital by the end of the event.
Alliance conquers Asteria of the Great Mines or Asphodel of the Fertile Valley.
Alliance conquers the Planetary Capital.
Alliance conquers 8 State Capitals and the Planetary Capital.
With Government failing, the path is paved for true conquerors. 
Together, we stay strong.
When mad man Solomon's New Dawn cult turns military, they must be put down. 
Lands are strategic assets that you must have. Better lands, better returns. 
Promise of peace has been made to your people.
Lay the foundation for a stronger military presence.
United, have a firm grip on dominance against the tides of war.
Be one of the most prominent powers on the planet.
Bluster them. Bend them. Break them. 
The Valley or the Mines. They are your path to the Prime. 
Sack the Capital and end the chaos.
Create the one government to rule all. 
Gain EXP from PvP battles
Unlock Scavengers feature
Unlock General Supplies feature
Unlock Military Supplies feature
Unlock Bandits feature
Increase the initial level of any summoned hero to Lvl.5
Increase Scavengers Level
Increase Bandits Level
Increase the initial level of any summoned hero to Lvl.10.
Increase Exp on any appointed governance heroes.
Increase current Bandits Level
Increase the initial level of any summoned hero to Lvl.20.
Increase current Scavengers Level
New summon pool: Rise of Powers
New summon pool: Enclosure
New summon pool: Forces Assembled
New summon pool: Territory Wars
New summon pool: Raging Storms
New summon pool: Show No Mercy
Age of Chaos Completed
Rise of Powers Completed
New Dawn Rebellion Completed
Enclosure Completed
Invasion of Bandits Completed
Forces Assembled Completed
Territory Wars Completed
Raging Storms Completed
Show No Mercy Completed
Soaring Ambition Completed
Last Conquerors Completed
Legend of Unity Completed