Boundary
Colony Prime
The Fertile Valley
The Great Mines
The Outskirts
Baptisland
Hestia's Valley
Ascension
River Lands
Heartland
Pass
Pass
Pass
City
County Seat
State Capital
The Capital
Also known as the Capital, it is the original site of the first colony on Unity, and the most highly developed sector on the planet. Any army which could occupy it would gain access to the most advanced technology on the planet, and more importantly, the legitimacy as ruler in the eyes of the rest of the galaxy.
Aka the Southern Expansion, the Fertile Valley is particularly abundant, making it ideal for agriculture and city development. It is one of two paths leading to Colony Prime. Its capital is Asphodel. 
Aka the Northern Expansion, the Great Unity Mines is a sector particularly rich in precious materials of all kind. It is one of two paths leading to Colony Prime. Its capital is Asteria.
The Outskirts has perhaps the harshest conditions among all sectors on planet Unity, home to the infamous Lawless Zones. Still, it boasts many resources which could be of the utmost importance. With the right governance, battling the elements shouldn't be too much of a challenge. Its capital is Serenity.
Baptisland is named for and founded by colonist Benjo Baptiste, a great hero and forefather of Unity. As the financial center of the planet, it contains the most wealth of any sector, as well as the largest army forces. Its capital is Titanus.
Hestia's Valley is the industry center of Unity, featured by its state capital and manufactoring base The Forge. It boasts rich resources and propersous business environment. 
Ascension was originally a home to the cyborg and droid species. Founded by Polaris, it later becomes the scientific hub of Unity, occupied by both android clans and humans. Its capital is Turing. 
River Lands is a mysterious sector with plenty of secrets and answers ready to be discovered. Governors and warlords come and go, while the River Lands sits there, quiet and enchanting. Its capital is Austalis. 
Heartland is known for its rich output of resources and beautiful night sky. It is home to many legendary governors, warlords, generals and soldiers. Its capital is New Avalon. 
%s is a strategically important region, and conquest is the only way to enter it.
%s is full. Please choose another sector to start your adventure. 
Start in %s
This state is not available for now.